Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedcsci-3300-assignment-7
<br>
When you see “Richard Ricardo” in the example screen captures, change it to . When you see “Richard” in the example screen captures, change it to . If you do not put / in the above mentioned fields, you will get 0 points for the question(s). No two students should submit webpages with exactly the same code, or same content, or same layout, or same color combination. If found, both students will get 0 points. Create a folder on your hard disk, name the folder lastname_firstname_assignment7. Save all the files from this assignment in this folder. Create the following subfolders (in the folder lastname_firstname_assignment7): q1, q2, q3. As a result, you should have the following folder (directory) structure for this assignment:  lastname_firstname_assignment7q1  lastname_firstname_assignment7q2  lastname_firstname_assignment7q3 Use http://www.javascriptlint.com/online_lint.php website to help debugging JavaScript. It will make your debugging process easier. All html (JavaScript) files must pass JavaScript validation at this website without any error, without any warning (-2 points for each error, each warning). Total estimated time for this assignment: 9 hours Question 1 – JavaScript Chapter 5 (33 points) Estimated time: 3 hours  Save question 1 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment7q1”.  Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below.  Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Odd and Even Log” as the page title. Savethe page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments.  Write a program that asks the user for Po’s meditation numbers. o The user should be allowed to enter as many data set as desired (or enter -999 to quit). o You must use do…while or while loop. o The output should look like the example output shown. o Indicate if an entered number is odd or even. o The program should output the number of odd numbers entered, their sum and average. o The program should output the number of even numbers entered, their sum and average.  Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students shouldhave the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program. You can use the same (or similar)css file(s) to format all questions.Question 2 – JavaScript Chapter 5 &amp; 6 (33 points) Estimated time: 3 hours Save question 2 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment7q2”. Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown). The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below. Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Magic Rectangle” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments. Write a program that asks the user for Po’s row and column numbers for generating magic rectangles. o Use html text fields () to capture row and column numbers. o Generate the magic rectangles shown using nested loops (two-dimensional loops). o The first rectangle must be generated by nested for loops. for (…) { for (…) {} } o The second rectangle must be generated by nested while loops. while (…) { while (…) {} } o The third rectangle and related calculation must be generated by nested do…while loops. do { do {} while (…) } while (…) Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program.

Question 3 – JavaScript Chapter 5 &amp; 6 (34 points) Estimated time: 3 hours Save question 3 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment7q3”. Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown). The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below. Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Weekly Training Log” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments. Write a program that allows the user to enter Po’s training hours for each day and each week. o Use html text fields () to capture the number of weeks and the number of days per week. o The user should be allowed to enter the training hours for each day of each week. o The output should look like the example output shown. o The program should also calculate Po’s total training hours, subtotal training hours for each week, and the day with the largest number of training hours for each week. Your output should follow the example output format given. o You must use nested loops (for, or while, or do..while or mixing them) to solve the problem. Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program.

Important: 1. If you do not put / in the above mentioned fields (as shown in the examples), you will get 0 points for the question(s). 2. No two students should submit webpages with exactly the same code, or same content, or same layout, or same color combination. If found, both students will get 0 points. 3. All html files must pass html validation at http://validator.w3.org/ without any error (and with only 1 warning). Use the validator’s “File Upload” tab to check each file. 4. All css files must pass css validation at http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/ without any error. 5. All html(JavaScript) files must pass JavaScript validation at http://www.javascriptlint.com/online_lint.php without any error, without any warning. 6. If your html file contains any css component, your html file must pass both html validation (3 above), and css validation (4 above) without any error. 7. If your files do not pass the validations, 2 points will be deducted for each error (and each JavaScript warning) found. 8. Document (comment) your html files (), css files (/* */), and JavaScript files (/* */). Submission instructions: You need to test the above document(s) in your web browser. Do screen capture(s) of the initial page and the related output(s). Use any graphic editing software (e.g. Microsoft Paint, Adobe Fireworks, GIMP, or Microsoft Expression Design etc) to cut out the browser output (from the screen capture), paste them into a word document. For this assignment, you only need to do screen capture(s) of the initial page and the related output(s), you do not need to do screen capture(s) of the input pages. Provide 2 different test cases for each question. In other words, for each question, you need to have 1 initial page screen capture and 2 related output(s) screen captures. Do screen capture(s) of html validation results and css validation results, cut and paste them into the word document. You do not need to do screen capture(s) of JavaScript Lint validation results. Save the word document as a pdf file. You need to submit the following: 1. A pdf file containing the screen capture(s) of the web browser output (all html pages) and the screen capture(s) of all html validation results and css validation results, name the file lastname_firstname_assignment07.pdf. 2. All html file(s), css file(s), and other related files (e.g. image files). Zip your file folder (lastname_firstname_assignment7) into a single zip file (or rar file) lastname_firstname_assignment07.zip. In the above example, the zip file should contain the following files and subfolders. If there is any image, there should be a images subfolder. lastname_firstname_assignment7q1index.htm lastname_firstname_assignment7q1style.css lastname_firstname_assignment7q2index.htm lastname_firstname_assignment7q2style.css // you may put style.css in a subfolder lastname_firstname_assignment7q3index.htm lastname_firstname_assignment7q3style.css Please submit an electronic copy (the above mentioned two files: .pdf and .zip) to D2L digital dropbox. Grading guidelines (programming questions): Your programs will be judged on several criteria, which are shown below. Correctness (50%): Does the program compile (run) correctly? Does the program do what it’s supposed to do? Design (20%): Are operations broken down in a reasonable way (e.g. classes and methods)? 9 CSCI 3300 Style (10%): Is the program indented properly? Do variables have meaningful names? Robustness (10%): Does the program handle erroneous or unexpected input gracefully? Documentation (10%): Do all program files begin with a comment that identifies the author, the course code, and the program date? Are all the classes, methods and data fields clearly documented (commented)? Are unclear parts of code documented (commented)? (Some items mentioned may not apply to some languages) A program that does not compile (run) will get at most 50% of the possible points.